and hello to all and already and who today
made a new video of my table of
Mixing end my usb controller in
pioneer of which I am part of the
family ddj so here is the ddjs b
so here it is the smallest of the good DJs
away no bigger than already done
to leap that the hercules is this is the priest
recoiled it stops at the beckham in
from where the calm so we will start
so by the knobs so there
finally infiltrated two of the five
voice it's a small effect the bass the
mediums and vegetables will not help
the other side here is the calf life
to choose the music on
the computer so here I beat them is a
true on two but that on the good
music does me that or that to put on
this platinum where his platinum hair
there you choose
here if the qte to activate the puzzle
or disable
this is the master the beautiful so me
I always put a background because
with the computer of music dvd times
who they are who is downloaded and who
is not strong enough so that's so
that's headphone volume always at
bottom also that's the feeling the
we scratch sorry if I talk like that
his rugby today learn to 9
buttons of each platinum end below
of each turntable here it's your the
served roadshows so 4 that we can
to make cars so magnifying glass so the
magnolia for example we do that the wolf
get in there and hop to validate it hop
does august and so it's hunting
or of these vouchers registered and excites
it's to have a start with a flourish
like that brews and the sampler we can
put anything noises of
animal or door there is play
break as everyone knows the kg
in the main the acronym so
synchronization it shifts
to learn I would have to come back on
the manual
I know because if we do it then
it's a micro plug personally I
do not use it, it's the volume
of the microphone the microphone so it's for the
big micro
which is much more here now
to give me a helmet necessarily
these guys there that the herculean is towards a
small to himself but with a big boom
we can see here we have the master volume
up to 8% and up to -8%
we have the little filter effect here too
when we change music like that we
knows a view mixer so
the main favors here after the coy
a box and so does otherwise the software
serato so yes here I specify these
well to a dj cerrato it's a lot
better if for professionals we have
has the effects we want so I put
filters as here we can this is the
little echo sister is separated from
the other side so pretty much it should
to be good there it is for the headphones listen
what for music
so do not go very thick 1 girls
like that
these light and there we have two outputs rca
red and white a precise game also after
I do not know if you make this sound of
like me, you always have to turn it on
before turning the amp it because,
do if you do not turn on the amp far
we put that on the computer and we
turn on the amp after that bugger the
software does sarko is not the the
platinum in fact it's good it's true
not terrible in the system but hey he
we need to be used here
scratch the main loan that can
to do for the tempo the pitch alone
tpo ranch is to keep
the same way when we increase or in
drop you know no small voices
all this ah yeah so now we
are going to talk about climb are actually we
also changed the handles we put some
existing and hanging feathers
because before that it was stuff that he
was all about it like that and he
had no hollow to put the hand
good it's already better and I made a
new box that is not there these
box points for all dispatches
China so I have 3 1 of 5.26 and
induced
so here you go see on my dj page
lexsi on facebook because you will see
many more videos and photos
it's advantageous for you too
and put a little young person instead
come on hi the droppings go see the
page to gillard accession